Add note to C-core migration about non-ASP.NET Core SDKs (#30415)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/migration.md

For more information on how these features compare to each other, see [gRPC Interceptors versus Middleware](xref:grpc/interceptors#grpc-interceptors-versus-middleware).

## Host gRPC in non-ASP.NET Core projects

> A C-core-based server can be added to any project type. Meanwhile, a gRPC for .NET server requires ASP.NET Core. ASP.NET Core is usually available because a project file uses `Microsoft.NET.SDK.Web` as the SDK.
> 
> You can host a gRPC server to non-ASP.NET Core projects by adding `<FrameworkReference Include="Microsoft.AspNetCore.App" />` to a project. The framework reference makes ASP.NET Core APIs available and they can be used to start an ASP.NET Core server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A C-core-based server can be added to any project type. gRPC for .NET server requires ASP.NET Core. ASP.NET Core is usually available because the project file specifies `Microsoft.NET.SDK.Web` as the SDK.

A gRPC server can be hosted to non-ASP.NET Core projects by adding `<FrameworkReference Include="Microsoft.AspNetCore.App" />` to a project. The framework reference makes ASP.NET Core APIs available and they can be used to start an ASP.NET Core server.
```
